IBX-6717: Recent activity (#2161)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/search/activity_log_search_reference/logged_at_criterion.md

# LoggedAt Criterion

The `LoggedAtCriterion` Activity Log Criterion
matches activity log group having a log entry created before or after a given date time.

## Arguments

- `dateTime` - a [`DateTimeInterface`](https://www.php.net/manual/en/class.datetimeinterface.php) object, like [`DateTime`](https://www.php.net/manual/en/class.datetime.php).
- `comparison` - string representing a comparison sign. Available signs can be found as constant in the `LoggedAtCriterion` class itself.

| Comparison            | Value | Constant                 |
|-----------------------|-------|--------------------------|
| Equal                 | `=`   | `LoggedAtCriterion::EQ`  |
| Not equal             | `<>`  | `LoggedAtCriterion::NEQ` |
| Less than             | `<`   | `LoggedAtCriterion::LT`  |
| Less than or equal    | `<=`  | `LoggedAtCriterion::LTE` |
| Greater than          | `>`   | `LoggedAtCriterion::GT`  |
| Greater than or equal | `>=`  | `LoggedAtCriterion::GTE` |

> ## Example
> 

Author: ```suggestion
## Example

The following example is to match all activity log groups not older than a day:

```

# LoggedAt Criterion

The `LoggedAtCriterion` Activity Log Criterion

> matches activity log group having a log entry created before or after a given date time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
matches activity log group that has a log entry created before or after a given date time.
```

## Arguments

> - `dateTime` - a [`DateTimeInterface`](https://www.php.net/manual/en/class.datetimeinterface.php) object, like [`DateTime`](https://www.php.net/manual/en/class.datetime.php).
> - `comparison` - string representing a comparison sign. Available signs can be found as constant in the `LoggedAtCriterion` class itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dateTime` - a [`DateTimeInterface`](https://www.php.net/manual/en/class.datetimeinterface.php) object, like [`DateTime`](https://www.php.net/manual/en/class.datetime.php)
- `comparison` - string that represents a comparison sign. Available signs can be found as constant in the `LoggedAtCriterion` class itself
```

| Comparison            | Value | Constant                 |
|-----------------------|-------|--------------------------|
| Equal                 | `=`   | `LoggedAtCriterion::EQ`  |
| Not equal             | `<>`  | `LoggedAtCriterion::NEQ` |
| Less than             | `<`   | `LoggedAtCriterion::LT`  |
| Less than or equal    | `<=`  | `LoggedAtCriterion::LTE` |
| Greater than          | `>`   | `LoggedAtCriterion::GT`  |
| Greater than or equal | `>=`  | `LoggedAtCriterion::GTE` |

## Example

> The following example is to match all activity log groups not older than a day:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example is to match all activity log groups that are not older than a day:
```
